#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via edx-django-utils
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
django==3.2.23
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   jsonfield
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
edx-django-utils==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
newrelic==9.3.0
    # via edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
psutil==5.9.6
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   django
    #   snowflake-connector-python
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
snowflake-connector-python==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   snowflake-connector-python
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
